Update DG (#95)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-F13-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

<puml src="diagrams/UndoRedoState3.puml" alt="UndoRedoState3" />

> Step 5. The user wants to set the course name. He enters the command setcrs CS2103T, causing the course name to appear on the main window's title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 5. The user wants to set the course name. He enters the command `setcrs CS2103T`, causing the course name to appear on the main window's title.
```

   1. _{explain how to simulate a missing/corrupted file, and the expected behavior}_

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Setting the course

1. Setting a course 
    
   1. Test case: `setcrs CS2103`<br>

>       Enter setcrs followed by a whitespace, followed by a course code in the format "XX1234Y", where X and Y can be any letter
>       in upper or lower case, and 1234 can be any 4 digit number. Y is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Enter setcrs followed by a whitespace, followed by a course code in the format `XXYYYYZ`, where X and Z can be any letter
      in upper or lower case, Z is optional and YYYY can be any 4 digit number.
```
